Improve README, Align API and improve defaults (#13)
rhrazdil/cidr-filtering-cni: README.md

# bridge-filtering

> This CNI plugin allows the user to control traffic flow at the IP address or port level (OSI layer 3 or 4) for particular applications in the Kubernetes cluster, thus specifying how a pod is allowed to communicate with various network "entities". The pod interface must be a port of a bridge (for example a kubevirt virtual machine connected with bridge binding method). By default, all ingress and egress traffic is denied.
> Users may create special `ConfigMaps` in the pod namespace to indicate allowed ingress or egress connections.
> This can be done for network layers L3 and L4. The supported L4 protocols are UDP and TCP.

Reviewer: Reads well, but I would add some extra-breathing room. How about (feel free to discard this suggestion ...):

```suggestion
This CNI plugin allows the user to control traffic flow at the IP address or port level (OSI layer 3 or 4) for particular applications in the Kubernetes cluster, thus specifying how a pod is allowed to communicate with various network "entities". 

The pod interface **must** be a port of a bridge (for example a kubevirt virtual machine connected with bridge binding method). By default, all ingress and egress traffic is denied.

Users may create special `ConfigMaps` in the pod namespace to indicate allowed ingress or egress connections.
This can be done for network layers L3 and L4. The supported L4 protocols are UDP and TCP.
```

Author: [Thanks, Done](https://github.com/rhrazdil/cidr-filtering-cni/pull/13/commits/9fb106b692fb73da4518627a34020acbfc01a52b)

> Since the nftable rules implementing traffic filtering are created when a pod is being created, the CNI cannot update the provisioned rules if those are updated in the `ConfigMaps`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the nftable rules implementing traffic filtering are only applied when a pod is created, the CNI **cannot** update the provisioned rules if those are updated in the `ConfigMaps`.
```

I personally usually like to highlight words like cannot / will not etc. Makes it harder to miss.

Author: [Thanks, Done](https://github.com/rhrazdil/cidr-filtering-cni/pull/13/commits/9fb106b692fb73da4518627a34020acbfc01a52b)

> If a configuration in a `ConfigMap` is changed, all the pods that use it need to be re-created, in order to have up-to-date configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a configuration in a `ConfigMap` is changed, **all the pods that use it need to be re-created**, in order to have up-to-date configuration.
```

Author: [Thanks, Done](https://github.com/rhrazdil/cidr-filtering-cni/pull/13/commits/9fb106b692fb73da4518627a34020acbfc01a52b)

> **_NOTE:_**  The CNI plugin doesn't currently support scenarios that involve IPAM assigning an IP on the pod interface. 

## Requirements

- jq
- nftables
- sha1sum

## Installation

To install the CNI plugin, create the `manifests/daemonset.yaml` resource.

## Limitations

The plugin is currently not using conntrack to allow response traffic. The user is expected to configure ingress/egress policies accordingly.
That means that for clients, egress configuration may filter desired IP subnets and ports and ingress configuration should allow all traffic or filter by IP subnet
without filtering by ports.

> Vice versa for servers.

Reviewer: I would simplify this sentence - I personally get a bit confused when reading it. I think it has too many words.

How about something along the lines of:
```
Policies applying to clients (in a client/server architecture) must remember to accept the return traffic for their requests.
```
I wouldn't even mention the vice-versa for servers part.

Author: [Thanks, Done](https://github.com/rhrazdil/cidr-filtering-cni/pull/13/commits/9fb106b692fb73da4518627a34020acbfc01a52b)

> # cidr-filtering-cni

Reviewer 2: It is not limited to CIDR. Perhaps bridge-filtering? If the CNI is special in filtering in the bridge table. Or maybe even bridge-binding-filtering?

@maiqueb thoughts?

Reviewer: You raise valid points. I agree we should send the message this is only useful when the interface to which this applies to is a bridge port.

I could go for `bridge-filtering`.

> This CNI plugin isolates pods from external endpoints. By default, all ingress and egress traffic is denied.

Reviewer 2: Does this work for regular Pods too (with IPAM assigning an IP to an interface)? I think we should mention that it is specific for filtering on bridges created in the Pod (if that is the case), and useful for kubevirt. So people don't confuse it with something useful for Pods too

Reviewer: +1. Be sure to mention this is only useful if your pod interface is a port of a bridge.

Reviewer: Another good point here - I think this solution as is does not work when IPAM is involved.

... it could, but in a hacky way: if you see an IP address in the result of the previous CNI, you can modify your iface name to `ifaceName += ifaceName + "-nic"`

We'd have to monitor that swticharoo on kubevirt.

Thoughts ?

Author: IIUC, we don't need to support IPAM right of the bat, as it's not supported on d/s either

Reviewer: Fair enough. That makes it legit to hold off on this.

> This CNI plugin isolates pods from external endpoints. By default, all ingress and egress traffic is denied.

Reviewer: I would try to avoid using terms such as endpoints (which have a meaning of its own on kubernetes), and also external (external to what ?... the cluster ?.. the pod ? ... ).

How about something like: "This CNI plugin allows the user to control traffic flow at the IP address or port level (OSI layer 3 or 4) for particular applications in the Kubernetes cluster, thus specifying how a [pod](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/) is allowed to communicate with various network "entities".

> Users may create special configMaps in the pod namespace to indicate allowed ingress or egress connections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users may create special ConfigMaps in the pod namespace to indicate allowed ingress or egress connections.
```

> This can be done in both directions - ingress and egress - for network layers L3 and L4.

Reviewer: ingress / egress feels somewhat redundant - they appear twice in consecutive sentences.

> The supperted L4 protocols are UDP and TCP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The supported L4 protocols are UDP and TCP.
```

## Usage

> When using the cidr-filtering-cni plugin, all ingress and egress traffic is dropped by default. To enable cidr-filtering-cni plugin, include it in the

Reviewer 2: Could we explain how to install it first?

Author: Done

> NetworkAttachment definition. See the following example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NetworkAttachmentDefinition. See the following example:
```

      }
    ]
  }'
```

The `example-network` specifies two CNI plugins, the first cni in the above is a `cnv-bridge`, connecting pods to linux-bridge `br1`, and the second

> is the `cidr-filtering-cni`, that handles configuration of nftables rules on the pod.

Reviewer 2: `cni` in the binary name is redundant

By default, all ingress and egress traffic is dropped.

> To allow specific ingress and egress CIDR blocks/ports, create configMaps(s) referencing a NetworkAttachmentDefinition spec.config name in the configMaps label.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To allow specific ingress and egress CIDR blocks/ports, create ConfigMaps(s) referencing a NetworkAttachmentDefinition spec.config name in the ConfigMap's label.
```

> Each configMap additionally needs to have `cidr-filtering-cni` label to be enabled for the cidr-filtering-cni plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each ConfigMap additionally needs to have `cidr-filtering-cni` label to be enabled for the cidr-filtering-cni plugin.
```

> The following manifest is an example of a minimal configMap, that doesn't yet allow any traffic. It's given as an example, since denying all traffic is done by default, it's

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following manifest is an example of a minimal ConfigMap, that doesn't yet allow any traffic. It's given as an example, since denying all traffic is done by default, it's
```

> The following manifest is an example of a minimal configMap, that doesn't yet allow any traffic. It's given as an example, since denying all traffic is done by default, it's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following manifest is an example of a minimal `configMap`, that doesn't yet allow any traffic. It's given as an example, since denying all traffic is done by default, it's
```

> not needed to be explicitly created.

Reviewer: *it isn't* reads better than *it's not* imo.

```yaml
kind: ConfigMap
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: deny-all
  labels:
    cidr-filtering-cni: ""
    br1-with-cidr-filtering: ""
data:
  config.json: |
    {
      "ingress": {},
      "egress": {}
    }
```

Notice the labels of the configMap.
The first label, `cidr-filtering-cni` ensures that the configMap configuration is collected by the plugin, as
the plugin only lists configMaps with this label.

> The second label, `br1-with-cidr-filtering` refers to the NetworkAttachmentDefinition spec name, in the cni configuration JSON.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notice the labels of the ConfigMap.
The first label, `cidr-filtering-cni` ensures that the ConfigMap configuration is collected by the plugin, as
the plugin only lists configMaps with this label.
The second label, `br1-with-cidr-filtering` refers to the NetworkAttachmentDefinition spec name, in the CNI configuration JSON.
```

> > **_NOTE:_**  A configMap may refer to many NetworkAttachmentDefinition specs. The order in which configMaps are process is not defined.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_**  A ConfigMap may refer to many NetworkAttachmentDefinition specs. The order in which ConfigMaps are process is not defined.
```

> To allow a pod to communicate to external endpoints, let's create the following configMap, that allows pod to reach all ports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow a pod to communicate to external entities, let's create the following configMap, that allows pod to reach all ports
```

> on a local network:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To allow a pod to communicate to external endpoints, let's create the following ConfigMap, that allows pod to reach all ports
on a local network:
```

```yaml
---
kind: ConfigMap
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: egress-local-network
  namespace: default
  labels:
    cidr-filtering-cni: ""
    br1-with-cidr-filtering: ""
data:
  config.json: |
    {
      "egress": {
        "subnets": [
          {
            "subnet": {
              "cidr": "192.168.0.0/16",
              "except": [
                "192.168.150.0/24",
                "192.168.151.151"
              ]
            }
          }
        ],
        "ports": [
          {
            "protocol": "TCP",
            "port": "80"
          },
          {
            "protocol": "tcp",
            "port": "8080"
          }
        ]
      }
    }
```

> The `egress.subnets` attribute allows pod to reach to any IP address in subnet `192.168.0.0/16`, except for subnet `192.168.150.0/24` and `192.168.151.151`.

Reviewer 2: Is `except` available in NetworkPolicy API too? If not, we should hide it from the README

Author: It is

> The `egress.ports` attribute allows pod to reach ports 80, and 8080 over TCP protocol.

Reviewer 2: Does this mean that destination bust be one of the ports on the subnet?

Author: No, we're not enforcing that.

Author: We are now (with this PR)

> To allow any webserver responses to be allowed to reach the pod, create the following configmap:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To allow any webserver responses to be allowed to reach the pod, create the following ConfigMap:
```

```yaml
kind: ConfigMap
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: ingress-local-network
  labels:
    cidr-filtering-cni: ""
    br1-with-cidr-filtering: ""
data:
  config.json: |
    {
      "ingress": {
        "subnets": [
          {
            "subnet": {
              "cidr": "192.168.0.0/16"
            }
          }
        ],

>         "ports": []

Reviewer 2: This is the default, no?

Author: This allows all ports, which is not default.
Default is denying all, which is the same as not specifying the ports key at all.
This is the same behaviour as NetworkPolicy has.

Reviewer 2: And with subnets the default is the opposite? I see that the DHCP example only mentions ports, so I would expect it does not allow any subnets, as no ports attribute would allow no ports?

I'm ok with this if it copies the NetworkPolicy behavior, it is just confusing to me.

Author: The default is the same, with nothing being allowed by default.

We need a way to express in a policy to
1) not change a subnet/port allow list
2) allow all ports/subnets

ad1) is done by not specifying `subnets` or `ports` array
ad2) is done by specifying `ports: []` or `subnets: []`

```
... Items in this list are combined using a logical OR operation. If this field is 
empty or missing, this rule matches all destinations (traffic not restricted by destination).
If this field is present and contains at least one item, this rule allows traffic only if the
traffic matches at least one item in the to list.
```

The case for empty list is the same as is done in network policies, the difference is that ommiting the key means no-op in this CNI, but means `allow-all` in NetworkPolicy

Reviewer 2: > the difference is that ommiting the key means no-op in this CNI, but means allow-all in NetworkPolicy

Why are we different in that?

Reviewer 2: Nevermind, we don't have to be the same.

Author: Addressed this in https://github.com/rhrazdil/cidr-filtering-cni/pull/13/commits/c5ac9f84f954769faa83bb0c2fcfbb98ebb0c0b2 (Aligned with NetworkPolicy)

Now both, not specifying a subnet/port field has the same meaning as specifying an empty array.

      }
    }
```

The `ingress.subnets` attribute allows traffic from any IP address of subnet `192.168.0.0/16`, to reach the pod.
The `ingress.ports` attribute all ports (on both, TCP and UDP protocols) to be reachable on the pod.

> When using a secondary network where clients obtain IP addresses from a DHCP server, allow the `255.255.255.255` IP
> address so that clients are allowed to send request to this address.

Reviewer: Really good point; you could be more specific though:

```suggestion
When using a secondary network where clients obtain IP addresses from a DHCP server, users must allow egress to  the `255.255.255.255` IP address, thus allowing the `DHCP Discover` message to be sent.
```

```yaml
kind: ConfigMap
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: local-network-dhcp
  namespace: default
  labels:
    cidr-filtering-cni: ""
    br1-with-cidr-filtering: ""
data:
  config.json: |
    {
      "egress": {
        "subnets": [
          {
            "subnet": {
              "cidr": "255.255.255.255/32",
              "except": []
            }
          }
        ],
        "ports": [
          {
            "protocol": "udp",
            "port": "67"
          }
        ]
      },
      "ingress": {
        "ports": [
          {
            "protocol": "udp",
            "port": "68"
          }
        ]
      }
    }
```

## API Reference

> - ingress:

Reviewer 2: Could you describe defaults and explain how they are merged together?

        "bridge": "br1"
      },
      {
        "type": "bridge-filtering"
      }
    ]
  }'
```

The `example-network` specifies two CNI plugins, the first cni in the above is a `cnv-bridge`, connecting pods to linux-bridge `br1`, and the second
is the `bridge-filtering`, that handles configuration of nftables rules on the pod.

By default, all ingress and egress traffic is dropped.
To allow specific ingress and egress CIDR blocks/ports, create ConfigMaps(s) referencing a NetworkAttachmentDefinition spec.config name in the ConfigMap's label.
Each ConfigMap additionally needs to have `bridge-filtering` label to be enabled for the bridge-filtering plugin.

The following manifest is an example of a minimal `ConfigMap`, that doesn't yet allow any traffic. Since denying all traffic is done by default, it doesn't needed to exist.

```yaml
kind: ConfigMap
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: deny-all
  labels:
    bridge-filtering: ""

>     br1-with-cidr-filtering: ""

Reviewer 2: Could we namespace the NAD reference? `bridge-filtering/br1-with-cidr-filtering: ""`. I think it would make it little clearer what it the purpose of it while still allowing you to filter via kubectl

Author: I'm not sure if it wouldn't make users think that they may link networkAttachmentDefinition from other namespace?

Reviewer 2: Ha, I see your point. Let's keep it as is then

data:
  config.json: |
    {
      "ingress": {},
      "egress": {}
    }
```

Notice the labels of the ConfigMap.
The first label, `bridge-filtering` ensures that the `ConfigMap` configuration is collected by the CNI plugin, as
the plugin only lists `ConfigMaps` with this label.
The second label, `br1-with-cidr-filtering` refers to the `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` spec name, in the CNI configuration JSON.

> **_NOTE:_**  A ConfigMap may refer to many NetworkAttachmentDefinition specs. The order in which ConfigMaps are process is not defined.

> To allow a pod to communicate to external entities, let's create the following `ConfigMap`, that allows pod to reach all ports

Reviewer 2: You should mention that you are going to do something about ports 80 and 8080 here as well. Otherwise it is confusing to read the example after this paragraph - especially since you speak about "all ports"

Author: Yes, removed the `all ports` which is a mistake

on a local network:

```yaml
---
kind: ConfigMap
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: egress-local-network
  namespace: default
  labels:
    bridge-filtering: ""
    br1-with-cidr-filtering: ""
data:
  config.json: |
    {
      "egress": {
        "subnets": [
          {

>             "subnet": {

Reviewer 2: What's the motivation to have this "subnet" object here?

Author: Removed

```yaml
kind: ConfigMap
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: ingress-local-network
  labels:
    bridge-filtering: ""
    br1-with-cidr-filtering: ""
data:
  config.json: |
    {
      "ingress": {
        "subnets": [
          {
            "subnet": {
              "cidr": "192.168.0.0/16"
            }
          }
        ],
        "ports": []
      }
    }
```

The `ingress.subnets` attribute allows traffic from any IP address of subnet `192.168.0.0/16`, to reach the pod.
The `ingress.ports` attribute set to an empty array allows all ports (on both, TCP and UDP protocols) to be reachable on the pod.

When using a secondary network where clients obtain IP addresses from a DHCP server, users must allow egress to  the `255.255.255.255` IP address, thus allowing the `DHCP Discover` message to be sent.

```yaml
kind: ConfigMap
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: local-network-dhcp
  namespace: default
  labels:
    bridge-filtering: ""
    br1-with-cidr-filtering: ""
data:
  config.json: |
    {
      "egress": {
        "subnets": [
          {
            "subnet": {
              "cidr": "255.255.255.255/32",

>               "except": []

Reviewer 2: Why mentioning it then?

Author: Removed

            }
          }
        ],
        "ports": [
          {
            "protocol": "udp",
            "port": "67"
          }
        ]
      },

>       "ingress": {

Reviewer 2: "by default, all subnets are denied"

Author: But the "policy" configurations are additive, the other configs allow subnets for ingress

Reviewer 2: Oh, I see, thanks.

BTW so subnets and ports are all mixed together? So I cannot say port X on subnet A and port Y on subnet B, without allowing port Y on subnet A?

Author: This is now changed to the way NetworkPolicies work.
So packet must match both, port and subnet, within singe policy configuration, in order to be accepted.

Reviewer 2: If subnets and ports are coupled now, does that mean you have to explicitly state the subnet in ingrees here?

Author: Yes, forgot to update the ConfigMaps in README

        "bridge": "br1"
      },
      {
        "type": "bridge-filtering"
      }
    ]
  }'
```

The `example-network` specifies two CNI plugins, the first cni in the above is a `cnv-bridge`, connecting pods to linux-bridge `br1`, and the second
is the `bridge-filtering`, that handles configuration of nftables rules on the pod.

By default, all ingress and egress traffic is dropped.

> To allow specific ingress and egress CIDR blocks/ports, create ConfigMaps(s) referencing a NetworkAttachmentDefinition spec.config name in the ConfigMap's label.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To allow specific ingress and egress CIDR blocks/ports, create ConfigMap(s) referencing a NetworkAttachmentDefinition spec.config name in the ConfigMap's label.
```

> **_NOTE:_**  A ConfigMap may refer to many NetworkAttachmentDefinition specs. The order in which ConfigMaps are process is not defined.

To allow a pod to communicate to external entities, let's create the following `ConfigMap`:
```yaml
---
kind: ConfigMap
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: egress-local-network
  namespace: default
  labels:
    bridge-filtering: ""
    br1-with-cidr-filtering: ""
data:
  config.json: |
    {
      "egress": {
        "subnets": [
          {
            "subnet": {
              "cidr": "192.168.0.0/16",
              "except": [
                "192.168.150.0/24",
                "192.168.151.151"
              ]
            }
          }
        ],
        "ports": [
          {
            "protocol": "TCP",
            "port": "80"
          },
          {
            "protocol": "tcp",
            "port": "8080"
          }
        ]
      }
    }
```

The `egress.subnets` attribute allows pod to reach any IP address in subnet `192.168.0.0/16`, except for subnet `192.168.150.0/24` and `192.168.151.151`.
The `egress.ports` attribute allows pod to reach ports 80, and 8080 over TCP protocol.

> To allow any webserver responses to reach the pod, create the following `ConfigMap`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To allow any pod requests to reach the webserver, create the following `ConfigMap`:
```

No?

Author: Actually, no. In both, ingress and egress we match destination port of a packet.
The problem is, client opens connection with a service from a random port, to which is then sent the response.
Normally, this is handled by accepting packets matching "related connection". But the nftable module that enables this feature is not installed by default. 
So for ingress, I need to open all tcp ports to have the response accepted.

Alternatively, we could match source port of ingressing packets, which would probably make more sense without conntrack, but for the price that we deviate from NetworkPolicy
/cc @maiqueb

Reviewer: yeah, afaiu, we don't do conntrack. We probably should.

I actually wasn't aware we required a particular module to have access to it. Could you add more info about this @rhrazdil ?

Reviewer: Another thing that pops to mind: wouldn't the user be expected to provision both ingress / egress in the client to allow the response to go through ? 

*If* so, I think we should document this limitation / requirement we make of them - i.e. dear user, we do not have conntrack. Plan your policies with this in mind.

**If** we eventually decide to implement conntrack, that would change.

Reviewer 2: +1

@rhrazdil let's first evaluate how much extra effort it would require. If it is more than trivial, I'd rather release with the limitation for now

Author: Using conntrack shoudln't imply a big change to provisioning the rules, I'll just need to figure out why I wasn't able to create rules that use conntrack (maybe load the kernel module?). But, Miguel found that Calico is using conntrack in nftable rules on our nodes and confirmed that conntrack is available on openshift nodes. So if calico can use it, we must be able to use it as well.

For this PR, I would go with documenting the limitation, so that we can proceed. Then get in other open PRs, especially https://github.com/rhrazdil/cidr-filtering-cni/pull/14, and then deliver conntrack.
Is this an acceptable approach?

Reviewer 2: Works for me, let's get this merged o/

Author: Added the Limitations section to README: https://github.com/rhrazdil/cidr-filtering-cni/pull/13/commits/596c0f9e26f868109539625203024087939d216b

        "bridge": "br1"
      },
      {
        "type": "bridge-filtering"
      }
    ]
  }'
```

The `example-network` specifies two CNI plugins, the first cni in the above is a `cnv-bridge`, connecting pods to linux-bridge `br1`, and the second
is the `bridge-filtering`, that handles configuration of nftables rules on the pod.

> By default, all ingress and egress traffic is dropped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a pod is subject to one of these policies, all ingress and egress traffic is dropped.
```

I honestly don't know if my suggestion is more confusing, or clears matters. Up to you.

Author: I think it' not 100% correct, as it makes it sound that the default is applied only one a configMap configuration references the NAD, but adding the plugin in the NAD is enough

Reviewer: I'm just trying to avoid the reader misunderstanding that once this plugin is installed "all traffic is dropped" by default.

What if we remove the "one of" from my suggestion ?  I'm just trying to highlight this is what achieves the subsection's goal `Making a pod subject to bridge-filtering policies` . 

... probably redundant. Your call.

Author: On second thought, I see your point. [Updated](https://github.com/rhrazdil/cidr-filtering-cni/compare/9fb106b692fb73da4518627a34020acbfc01a52b..a7024bded23bd19b8bdd5c1a8efb88b9f49e32eb)

To allow specific ingress and egress CIDR blocks/ports, create ConfigMap(s) referencing a NetworkAttachmentDefinition spec.config name in the ConfigMap's label.

> Each ConfigMap additionally needs to have `bridge-filtering` label to be enabled for the bridge-filtering plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each ConfigMap additionally needs to have the `bridge-filtering` label to enable the bridge-filtering plugin.
```

Author: [Thanks, Done](https://github.com/rhrazdil/cidr-filtering-cni/pull/13/commits/9fb106b692fb73da4518627a34020acbfc01a52b)

> The following manifest is an example of a minimal `ConfigMap`, that doesn't yet allow any traffic. Since denying all traffic is done by default, it doesn't needed to exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following manifest is an example of a minimal `ConfigMap`, that doesn't yet allow any traffic. This configuration is redundant, since denying all traffic is done by default.
```

Author: [Thanks, Done](https://github.com/rhrazdil/cidr-filtering-cni/pull/13/commits/9fb106b692fb73da4518627a34020acbfc01a52b)

```yaml
kind: ConfigMap
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: deny-all
  labels:
    bridge-filtering: ""
    br1-with-cidr-filtering: ""
data:
  config.json: |
    {
      "ingress": {},
      "egress": {}
    }
```

Notice the labels of the ConfigMap.
The first label, `bridge-filtering` ensures that the `ConfigMap` configuration is collected by the CNI plugin, as
the plugin only lists `ConfigMaps` with this label.

> The second label, `br1-with-cidr-filtering` refers to the `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` spec name, in the CNI configuration JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice the labels of the `ConfigMap` specified above:
1. `bridge-filtering` ensures that the `ConfigMap` configuration is collected by the CNI plugin, as the plugin only lists `ConfigMaps` with this label.
2. `br1-with-cidr-filtering` refers to the `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` spec name, in the CNI configuration JSON.
```

Author: [Thanks, Done](https://github.com/rhrazdil/cidr-filtering-cni/pull/13/commits/9fb106b692fb73da4518627a34020acbfc01a52b)
